- The fastest way to
get to 1,000 subscribers
on YouTube right now is
to post YouTube Shorts,
and I have proof.
But warning, it's really
not as simple as that.
There's actually a right way to do this
and there is a wrong way to do it.
For example, on a brand new
channel that I started recently
with zero subscribers,
I posted a YouTube Short
and you can see here
in the first 28 days,
it got 7,405 views.
Not too bad.
So, I decided to try this out again,
and in the first 28 days
of my second YouTube Short,
it got 32.1 thousand views.
Again, not too shabby.
But I got an idea.
I thought, I could do better than this.
So on my third YouTube Short,
I tried something completely different.
And you can see,
within the first hour
of posting this Short,
I got 76,000 views.
And to-date,
that Short has brought
in over two million views
and 6,600 subscribers.
Now, if I just would've
posted this kind of a Short
on my YouTube channel on day one,
you can see I would've hit
1,000 subscribers in nine days.
Now, on this channel,
it actually took me 28 days
to get my first 1,000 subscribers,
but I believe I can help
you get there even faster.
People know that YouTube
Shorts are getting pushed
by the algorithm right now,
and so if you are posting YouTube Shorts,
the chances are, you're probably
getting a lot more views
on your Shorts than your regular videos,
especially if you're just a beginner.
However, what a lot of people don't know
is that Shorts actually
convert more subscribers
than long-form content does.
And here's the proof.
On this channel, I posted a regular video,
and you can see that it took
off and got a million views
in the first 62 days.
And if we crossed over to the subscribers,
we can see that, in the first 62 days,
it got 1,241 subscribers
from those one million views.
Now, on the YouTube Short,
we can see that, in the first 19 days,
it got a million views.
And when it comes to subscribers,
on that day 19 when it
hit a million views,
I got 3,910 new subscribers.
That means that my Shorts are getting
three times as many subscribers
as my regular videos.
Let me explain why the first
two Shorts did not do as well
as my third Short.
You see, on the first two,
I really didn't give it much thought.
I actually used the clip
method that you can do
on your phone.
And so, I didn't even
have to edit these Shorts.
I just pulled them from
my long-form content,
I clipped it into a Short,
I tried to add some text,
and picked the best
moment from that video,
and they did pretty well,
but they ended up tapering off
and not performing that well over time.
Now, on my third viral YouTube Short,
I decided to do something
completely different.
I decided that I was
gonna spend the extra time
to make a YouTube Short from scratch
and upload it to YouTube.
Now I spent a lot more time
on the script and the edits,
so this is gonna take a lot more time
than just clipping something
on your long-form video.
However, it ended up
being totally worth it.
So let me share exactly what I did
and how you can do this too.
And if you want more
free content like this,
check out our YouTube challenge.
It's absolutely free.
It's five days long and
we're gonna show you
how to get your first 1,000 subscribers
or your next 1,000 subscribers
and also how to make money on YouTube.
Click the link in the description
or go to Tube1KChallenge.com.
So here's how you can do this.
The first step is alignment.
You really wanna make sure
that the Short you're going to make aligns
with your channel's viewers.
The reason for this is,
YouTube is actually going
to recommend this Short
to the people who are already
watching some of the videos
on your channel.
So you want those people
to be interested in
because this is the first pool of people
who YouTube actually sees
if they like your video
and if they should send it to more people.
And since my channel is
about basketball and the NBA,
I made sure that my YouTube
Short was going to be
about the NBA.
Now, the second step you
need to do is your research.
You wanna start looking
around in your niche
at different Shorts that are going viral,
that are getting a lot of views,
and you wanna start to study them.
Once you find some of
these popular Shorts,
you really want to write some stuff down,
specifically writing down
the themes of the edits
or the pacing or the text, the music,
how are they putting this all together,
how long are these videos,
and start to analyze the
data for what's working
in the niche.
And I found that there was
kind of a specific format
that did really well within
the basketball niche,
and so I decided I was
gonna take that same format
and apply it to the
video I wanted to make.
Step three is to come up with ideas.
Just like a regular long-form video,
you really wanna be thinking about,
what do the viewers wanna watch?
And then from that, you an
reverse engineer a video
that would be interesting
to a majority of the niche.
Now, a major power tip
here that is gonna help you
get a ton of views is
to use trend surfing.
This is when you utilize,
usually in your title and in your video,
the most influential keywords, names,
brands into your video.
Now, once you have your idea,
step four is scripting.
For the script, you really want
to be as concise as possible
and leave no fluff in this script.
Shorts are very quick
and you wanna make sure
that you are getting to the point
and getting to the next
point as soon as possible.
Now, if you have a really long script
or maybe you're wanting to take
one of your long-form videos
and condense that into a Short,
what you can do is go to ChatGPT
and take that long-form
script and then ask it
to summarize and shorten that script.
Then you can use that for your Short.
Step five is then to shoot your Short.
And honestly, for Shorts,
the gear really doesn't matter,
but I like to think
that audio matters more
than video quality when it
comes to the Shorts feed.
And if you can, ideally,
you'd move around and get different shots
in different places throughout the video
to kinda mix it up.
Which leads me to step
six, which is editing.
Now, the goal here is you wanna aim
for a high average view duration.
Meaning, when someone
starts watching your video,
let's say it's a 60-second Short,
which is the max duration you could do,
you want them to watch all of it.
Or maybe it's a shorter Short
and it's 10 seconds long.
You want them to watch
that over and over again
and kinda spike that
average view duration.
Now, I have a method that I use
that is gonna help you guys as well,
and this is called the loop method.
Now, you've probably seen this before
when you're watching
a video and the ending
actually synchronizes with the beginning.
Now, if you're going to do this,
you really need to start thinking back
during the scripting phase,
because the beginning of
that script is going to have
a sentence where the video
starts off on the second half
of that sentence,
and the video ends with the
first half of that sentence.
And that's how it's able to
kind of mesh together perfectly.
Now, as far as the length
that I was shooting for,
I was going for a longer Short.
Anywhere from 40 to 60 seconds
is what I was aiming
for with really the goal
of keeping them entertained
for as long as possible.
Now, when editing,
if you feel like you're
kinda stretching stuff out
to make it longer just for
the sake of making it longer,
don't do this.
It's better to actually keep it shorter.
At the end of my video,
it ended up being 45 seconds long
with the average view
duration being 41 seconds.
And in the analytics right here,
you can see that at the zero-second mark,
it's actually 186 people still watching.
That means that there are
people who watched the very end
of it and then they watched
the beginning again.
And so that's why it's
actually above 100%.
Now that you have your Short edited
and you posted it on YouTube,
here's the ultimate hack
that a lot of people don't think of.
And that is to post long-form content.
Let me explain.
The YouTube algorithm
right now really is trying
to push Shorts, and it's
trying to find the right Shorts
for the right audience.
If you watch a new creator, let's say,
and you watch one video
and maybe two videos,
even if you don't subscribe,
what you'll notice is you'll start to see
that creator's Shorts on your Shorts feed.
So what I've learned is that
when people actually find
your long-form videos,
your Shorts are gonna get
boosted to those people
who like your long-form content.
Now in order to do this step,
you need traffic coming in
to your long-form content
so that it can also spike
your Shorts views as well.
And there's actually a formula to do this
that we call the perfect video recipe.
And this is the same
exact formula that I use
to get hundreds of thousands of views
on a brand new channel
and even a million views
on one video.
And you can click on the screen to watch
the full masterclass
where I break down exactly
how to do this for your own videos.